awesome = ["Papuchon", "curry", ":)"]
alsoAwesome = ["Quake", "The Simons"]
allAwesome = [awesome, alsoAwesome]

length is a function that takes a list and returns a result that tells
how many items are in the list.

1. Given the definition of length above, what would the type signa-
ture be? How many arguments, of what type does it take? What
is the type of the result it evaluates to?

lenght :: [a] -> Int


2. What are the results of the following expressions?
a) length [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]                -> 5
b) length [(1, 2), (2, 3), (3, 4)]       -> 3 
c) length allAwesome                     -> 2
d) length (concat allAwesome)            -> 5

3. Given what we know about numeric types and the type signature
of length, look at these two expressions. One works and one
returns an error. Determine which will return an error and why.
(n.b., If you’re checking the type signature of length in GHC 7.10,
you will find Foldable t => t a representing [a], as with concat
in the previous chapter. Again, consider Foldable t to represent
a list here, even though list is only one of the possible types. We
will explain it in detail later.)

a) 6 / 3                -> 2.0
b) 6 / length [1, 2, 3] -> error

4. How can you fix the broken code from the preceding exercise
using a different division function/operator?

6 `div` length [1, 2, 3] -> error

5. What is the type of the expression 2 + 3 == 5? What would we
expect as a result?

2 + 3 == 5 :: Boolean 
2 + 3 == 5 -> True

7. Below are some bits of code. Which will work? Why or why
not? If they will work, what value would these reduce to?

a) length allAwesome == 2             -> True
b) length [1, 'a', 3, 'b']            -> error Num and Char in List
c) length allAwesome + length awesome -> 5
d) (8 == 8) && ('b' < 'a')            -> False
e) (8 == 8) && 9                      -> Error 9 is not type Bool







